Yes.
Okay. Wait.
So any questions finally on line graph
and any other
things in general before we start with
the crewi stuff.
So that will be the next topic.
All good.
Okay,
I don't know what to conclude. No one is
saying something or anything.
So we'll be advancing towards the
deployment after kuri. So tomorrow I
think we have a session on the
deployment part. Okay. I'll be taking
one of our previous projects
and first deploy that in local. In fact
first convert that into a deployment
code from notebook code to deployment
code. Uh I'll be of course using a
a model like maybe geminy child GPT
something. Okay.
And uh convert that notebook code into a
deployment code. We'll be setting up a
local machine. I mean I will do it. I
may not be able to wait for everyone to
do it. uh because again everyone will
try doing it end up into
errors issues. So that will you know
make the live session a bit more
confusing chaos. So what I would
strongly suggest is everyone to follow
my instructions carefully going through
the recordings.
Okay.
and uh do the deployment part. If there
are
concerns, issues, you can first reach
out to the support team. But even before
that, I would suggest you to, you know,
try to resolve whatever errors using
charge. Try to help yourself first.
Okay, that's how you would learn and
evolve. Of course, worst case scenario
is support team and even worer scenario
is I spend the next class
uh you know helping you guys out.
Okay. But uh okay
uh yeah so that is what and after that
next week we'll be implementing more on
the observability. I think observability
tomorrow itself we'll have a quick
discussion and implementation as well uh
MCPA2A. So those are a couple of things
that we'll be doing in the next week. So
ideally by
the next week end we should be able to
cover major part maybe one or two
additional projects that I have planned
we can do it in the seventh and the 8th
of
Feb.
Yeah,
7th
uh 7th evening I may not be there. I'm
not sure. I'll be traveling. So we can
have a session only on 8th not on 7th.
So in that case that would be the last
session. Yeah. So last three four
sessions that's the
uh
term that we have remaining.
So primarily I'll be doing it on AWS
tomorrow but we have labs and
instructions for replicating the same on
AWS and other cloud platforms. Okay. So
please do not disturb the tomorrow's
session. Uh I'll not be able to help you
out in the live session because again
too many things cannot be discussed.
So I'll just focus on the AWS part first
and uh the team will share you the lab
links where they have implemented the
same thing on AWS sorry Azure and other
yeah
so Karthik has already shared the
project link session joining link for
the project session okay uh setting up
the cloud account open thank you so much
Karthik that is really super helpful
Okay.
So at least uh prerequisite part yes the
main prerequisite is your uh
infrastructure preparation. Okay. Um
Karthik by chance do you have another
lab anywhere uh where
uh VS code installation and setting up
setting up means installing Python and
those things creating a virtual
environment. two things. One is
installing VS code and second is
installing Python and third thing is
creating a virtual environment
activating. So these four things are
discussed. Do you have any lab? This can
be really
>> Yes, we have similar type of lab. Uh I
will share it with you at the end of the
session
>> because tomorrow's session will be
entirely on local. Till now we have been
doing uh on collab and even today we'll
be continuing the same on collab. Okay.
But suddenly all of a sudden there is no
collab and there is everything local. So
uh if you have a link right away please
share it. I will also go through it.
Okay. So that is going to be very
helpful. Maybe you can also share the
same.
>> After that we will do the deployment as
well on the AWS cloud.
>> Yeah, AWS will be there but before that
we will deploy it on local. Local
deployment is very important because you
cannot keep uh AWS resources running for
your experimentation.
>> Once you know that everything is sorted
running well as expected all the UI
elements everything is working then you
containerize it and dump it on AWS. That
is one approach or you do the same
installations and everything because a
lot of uh nuances would be there, errors
would be there. AWS means every single
resource will keep billing you. So uh
normally we don't experiment on AWS. AWS
is more for uh closer to uh you know
deployment things. All the
experimentation stuff should be done in
the local itself.
Okay. So testing yes testing can be done
on AWS before it is rolled out for the
before it is rolled out for the
um common public to use. Okay.
So uh create Ubuntu VM.
Yeah that is fine. um that should really
help
but I'm looking for a tutorial in which
a VS code is being downloaded installed
Python and then followed by so I'll just
note it down because if you guys can
figure it out this so install
VS code or any of the W coding platforms
winds of cursor will also do cursor or
VS code Ji Just a minute I'll take your
questions
and then followed by install
Python especially the version 3.12.
Okay, I don't want 3.13.
I mean that's the version I'll be taking
accurate tomorrow and then create
uh virtual
and
and then how to
activate it depending on your OS
cuz this itself can be a bit tricky.
Okay,
>> because the instructions are quite
different
for each of the operating systems.
Although it's a single line code, but
it's tricky.
Fine. So I have shared the four things
which if you are prepared you will be
instantly able to do it because I'll be
already starting with a local uh version
of probably VS code
or windsurf mostly windsurf okay I would
already have Python in that creating
virtual environment is no big deal I
think I'll already start with the
virtual environment creation as well
because these first three things would
have already been done Okay. Although
I'll be sharing the instructions but the
first three things would already be
done. Okay.
So I'll just straight away activate and
uh start developing our deployment code.
Right.
So see if you can create a tutorial on
this. If you have a video fantastic
otherwise see if you can create a
tutorial and share it. Okay.
So yeah
workbook there is no other workbook
we'll just simply take one of the
previous uh agents that we created
customer support mostly we'll be taking
the same customer support you remember
billing support technical support and so
that is the Python notebook will be the
starting point there's no other notebook
same notebook we will take and then
convert that notebook into deployment
board
customer support agent billing general
general and uh technical query. Remember
probably that is lab number four.
Okay. So yes, timings have changed. So
please check your timings. Uh most of
the US public they will be having it in
their evening. Um
the Indian jenta will be having it in
their early mornings. Okay. So please
check your timings as well. This is a
new link which has been updated
and we would not have the regular
session. Right? That is another thing
you'll have to
note.
Okay. So, anyone wants to speak, please
go ahead.
>> Yeah. Just one question. So,
>> so today US time evening we have a class
and then is that like next week also
same same time?
>> It's only one session. It's
>> one session. Okay.
>> Only one session. So please um you know
adjust it for just one session okay and
try to not miss it out because again
this will be difficult uh in live
session there are a lot of queries I can
handle although
errors related to installations and
those things will not be supported as I
mentioned already but if there are
logical queries scenarios those things
I'll be definitely uh you know ready to
take them but not questions related to
errors in the installations of anything
anything because everyone's will have
their different environment different OS
different machines and everyone's error
message will be quite different okay so
you know giving
individual uh support in the live
session for their errors will be only
wasting the session time frankly that's
what I believe but
but definitely the team and uh myself
will be, you know, ready to help you
anytime. Yeah.
Okay. Any other question? Joti, you had
a question.
Yeah. Uh Pashant, no you answered
already because my question was, you
know, uh where we are going to deploy uh
thing. So you mentioned AWS. Uh so
that's great actually. I tried it on OCI
actually which worked fine. So it will
be good comparison for me actually for
AWS.
>> Nice. Nice. So maybe you can also share
some of your uh you know
>> uh comparisons or feedback how it went.
Yes, that would be really nice.
>> And something what was not working I
tried it out today itself on AWS uh
instance. So I I was facing lot of
challenges. So I think those will be
addressed tomorrow by during the
workshop. Maybe those mistakes I won't
repeat actually.
>> Yeah. Let's see. So I mean I have
already well documented all the steps
and mostly I'll be following those steps
and the chances that you will get into
trouble is minimum because this is not
the first time I'm doing the same
project and the same environment and the
same steps. Okay. So this is probably
the fifth time I'm doing it. Okay.
So no not even fifth. Sixth time. Okay.
I have already done it for the previous
batches plus three other batches. Uh
okay.
>> That's great.
>> So since we have already done it through
so many iterations so I know the
nuances. So while explaining I would
already take care of those nuances and
let you uh know them quite in advance.
So but in any case uh following me along
the session
I I would not be expecting and uh but
hearing me out those nuances and taking
care of those that is more important
than immediately trying to replicate. If
you're good in cloud, you can definitely
keep along uh doing it. So only two
people would uh be able to do it along
with me. One who have been doing some uh
coding in your local. So that comfort is
really the deal breaker. Okay. And if
you have already a decent cloud
understanding especially these uh EC2
instances number one and probably what
else is needed EC2 instance connect and
some of the Unix commands shell commands
Ubuntu commands okay sudo commands that
is so if you have understanding of these
three four things uh then tomorrow's
session will be just super easy for
those guys okay but for others I would
strongly suggest that you focus on what
I'm doing rather than trying to
replicate alongside because if you're
completely new to developing in local
most of the times you will end up you
know skipping steps forgetting steps and
obviously not paying attention is
another
problem big problem
okay so let's get started I'll share the
first uh
project with you okay so give me a
So, Crewi is a complete uh new framework
uh open source and very very
popular I would say. Okay.
Okay.
I've shared the link in the chat uh for
the notebook.
So let me know if you can access this.
Yeah. Does it work?
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
So, first thing first, start with the
installation. In the meantime, I'll
discuss what this project is all about.
Okay. Um let's start. Um
I had one lab on how to create uh images
using
Python code.
In fact, most of that is already covered
in this. So, probably I don't need to
do it all over again. So, let's start.
Okay. So, some hypothetical companies
there uh called as Noasoft.
You can see
some business scenario I have created
here. Okay.
Joti is saying I am not aware of
EC2 that's it we'll use EC2 bedrock
we can use bedrock I mean these open AI
models can be replaced by bedrock that's
the additional thing we can do okay I
have a lab on how to create end to end
uh but end to end uh rack system in AWS
but usually I do this in the genai uh
courses not in the agent authentic.
Okay. Anyway, so some companies there a
midsize financial company offering
digital banking and wealth management
services across India and Southeast Asia
and uh we are going to you know create
some marketing campaigns for them and
they are already having a team who is
working a lot but manually creating
platform specific social media content
for LinkedIn and stuff. The content
quality is inconsistent because many
people are involved their thought
process and everything else. So brand
voice also varies. They lack the
bandwidth to produce high quality
visuals many times. So solution can we
create a multi- aent AI pipeline using
CUI.
Okay.
Marketing. Okay. So we have got finally
one guy who is really interested in uh
yeah how is it different? Yes, we'll
talk about the difference. Yeah. So I'm
just talking about the business scenario
first.
And that automates the entire social
media content creation flow. So
literally you can use the same pipeline
for creating your LinkedIn post, Twitter
posts, Instagram reels and so on. Okay.
Because it's not only going to generate
uh text but also end to end visuals.
Okay.
So from research writing to image
generation producing platform optimize
as I said. So for different platforms uh
the
aspect ratio of the visuals the
creatives also change. Okay. Uh so we
should be able to do end to end ready to
publish post with AI generated visuals.
In fact, there is a company uh I I'm not
sure about anyone knowing about this
super group.
I'm not promoting also. Okay.
Has anyone heard of this super group by
chance?
So in this uh this is the exactly the
same business model
of this company. Okay. So if you go
through this, this is a AI powered
application. You can say you just have
to set your persona what you want, what
LinkedIn content you want to create.
They'll give you high level ideas and
from there narrow down to exact content.
They will create entire end to- end
content for you including images
everything. And you can also set up the
content posting scheduling also if you
connect your LinkedIn account with them
in your in a paid version. Okay. So
automatically the post will get created
and keep getting posted automatically at
your predefined schedule and time. So
that's the business model. But more or
less you can um imitate
by creating our own agents. So that's
the idea here. Okay. If you just want to
check. Yeah.
So yeah, if you go to this grow my
LinkedIn.
Okay.
So publishing a post and all that.
So I tried this uh for a week. Now I
don't have access. I can't even show you
but just to understand what these guys
are doing new. Okay. But if you see on
the left side you have podcast creation.
You can have post create generation
carousel maker. I was mostly interested
in their carouselmaker but they had very
very bad pipelines. Uh voice notes can
be created and then other canban
dashboards calendar everything. Uh you
can also analyze some of the viral post
by topic. So just you provide the topic
names they will scrape the viral posts
and also the names of the influencers in
those domains and so on. So and they
will also give you analytics about your
LinkedIn profile. So this is a platform
but I don't see it is at all difficult
to create frankly okay just in two or
three prompts uh replet will will be
able to uh they will love to
you know create a copy of this but more
importantly how your agent pipeline
works is most important. So creating a
platform is useless if the content
generated is
not worth posting at the end. So I ended
up posting not a single uh creative from
this platform even after you know giving
a serious thought. I thought maybe it
will save a lot of my time. I did lot of
you know research this and that but
ultimately I had to give up.
Okay. So there can be motivation. Why
not do something on our own? Yeah.
Ready? All
warmed up.
Okay. So these are the concepts that
we'll be covering. Uh what is the agent,
task, crew, process, primitives?
basically uh the initials of what this
Grey platform is all about. Okay,
we'll be creating tools using the tool
decorator normally that uh similar to
what we have been doing in our
yeah uh langraph and lang chain things
and then open AI image generation. This
is the API that we'll be using. So you
will also get exposure to um
this
image generation uh API I would say.
Okay. If you are also interested maybe I
can take an example of how to create
audio and videos speech to text to
speech. I have separate labs for them.
Normally I don't take it in the agentic
batch but maybe if time permits I may
think. Okay. or maybe we can connect
that into a pipeline. I'll just see if
that is possible. Okay, we can create a
small project on that uh using Creoi.
So,
and but definitely this is going to be
really helpful. Okay. So, sequential
versus hierarchal crew process uh again
multi- aent systems. Okay. Can be done
in sequence or hierarchal is a better
approach if you want to create a multi-
aent system. But again, sequential can
also be done. Uh no doubt. So sequential
means uh one agent will create the
content, second will review it, third
one will edit it. So something that's
the sequential pipeline I'm talking
about.
Okay.
So if the installations are done um
you have to set up your API keys no
doubt and then agent task crew process
these are the core imports and I also
see imports called as base 64 here base
64 is to generate uh images normally the
images are generated or created
by these uh OpenAI platform. Shant you
have a
okay so the images generated by this
OpenAI API okay they will have to be
converted into B 64 before that you know
data transfer can be done. So if you
want to upload image or download image
all of that happens in a B 64 format.
Later on the B 64 format will be
converted into a pixels data. Okay. And
uh using this image we'll be converting
into pixels and then we can display it
in the Jupyter notebook. Okay. So
similarly whenever you want to upload
your image uh again into these APIs. Uh
now again if you go to the image
generation API of uh openai they have
two class of models two categories of
models altogether. One is Delhi based
Delhi 2 Delhi 3. they are still
available. Although the Delhi models are
getting deprecated maybe in another 6
months they will stop these Delhi models
but Delhi models where the initial
generation of image generation models.
Okay. So the way they generate uh images
and give it to you is different
than the newer generation models which
is powered by GPT.
GPT image one and 1.5 you also have I
think 1.5 pro or what uh on the left
side you can see create images process
inputs okay so you can do this by
responses API images API directly can be
used or you can use the responses API
either okay so and then use cases are
also given when would you want to use
the images API versus when would you
want to go for the responses API. Okay.
So this is a highle code um you can use
and the model wise this is a u latest
generation. So the older generation is
powered by deli 2 del 3 that's what I
was talking about uh which don't have
the same inherent understanding of the
world as the GPT image. So this is the
newer generation model. Okay. We'll be
mostly using uh advanced version of the
image generation models which is 1.5.
that is the latest and the most advanced
image generation model available from
openAI.
Okay.
So it can understand text and images and
it can leverage this. So what I have
seen is uh the text rendering within the
images text rendering within the images
by this GPT 1.5 model is very very far
superior compared to your Delhi 2 del
and it's almost equivalent to your um
your nano banana model or stability AI
model. Okay so stability is another
stability AI. Okay,
another company whose uh image
generation models are super super
popular I would say. Okay, so stable
diffusion models the they have again
these three generation stable image
ultra stable image core and stable image
model suite. So these are the latest
based models, foundation models. These
are fast and affordable models. And if
you really want a high scale, large
scale output photorealistic models, you
have to go for ultra. So they have their
different pricing for each of these
three class of models. I would say this
this company is only surviving with
image generation models. So you can
understand how serious they are in terms
of image generation capabilities. Okay.
So they don't have any text and other
platforms nothing. they are just giving
and focusing on image generation. That's
it. Okay. So yeah uh on the right side
you have the credits or pricing. Pricing
is mostly in terms of credit. When you
sign up into the account you will get 25
free credits. Okay.
And how you use the credits will be
dependent on which model are you using.
Okay. For each of these tasks. So you
can see and again you can go to the API
documentation page right and later on
you can also buy more credits
right. So credit usage will also be as
per the size and the resolution of the
images that you want to create. So if
you go through the API documentation
they will give you the sizes which are
supported by these models. So the same
sizes are not supported by your u image
generation models like GPT 1.5 or Delhi
models. So this is the state-of-the-art
image generation model. This is the one
that we'll be using in our
um
hands-on. Okay. So this is the
API documentation page. You can just
share
sorry you can refer.
Okay.
Uh Santo is asking the link link for the
notebook. Are you seeing?
So here is the link for the Okay. And
there is super group if you're still
interested. After
all my review, honest review can check
this out. Maybe I was not capable of
utilizing their platform correctly.
Okay.
Fine. Uh
this is again OpenAI client and uh this
is
creating a folder for storing all the
generated posts. Okay. So this is where
all the generated posts are there all
the images and everything
and this is going to set up make your
complete setup configure the LLM. Okay.
So you can use again GPT 4.1 mini as a
primary text generation that is smart as
non-reasoning. If you really want
reasoning then uh you can substitute
this with GPT5 mini model. Okay that
also supports temperature. uh supporting
temperature means being more creative of
course which is essential for the
content generation stuff right
okay so now
what is the philosophy of agent in crew
AI okay so I think
huh so I'll talk about this agents in
the section four okay so we'll First
create some tools which will be accessed
by these agents. Common story. Okay. All
these agents will need some tools. In
this case, the tool would be to generate
social media image. Okay. So, generates
high quality social media images using
OpenAI's image 1.5 model and input
should be detailed visual description of
the image to generate returns the file.
Okay. So it will take the prompt which
have the which will have the visual
description of the image that you want
to generate. So it will take a string
and output okay
the entire file path. So file path will
also be a string. Okay.
So here you can change the name. Okay.
You can change the name here 1.5. So all
these results that you currently see in
the notebook they are all generated by
1.5 sorry 1.0
okay
I think you will have it this is all
generated by 1.0 zero. Okay. So now I'm
rerunning all the notebooks, okay, with
1.5 mod. Now interesting thing is every
time I have been running this node um
these guys have been holding the mobile
phones clipped I mean the cameras on
your side sorry the screen on your side.
Okay, which is a bit awkward. Okay. So
they should have
I mean generated an image where they are
looking at the screen and the camera
angle is such that you are also able to
see the content being seen by this
professionals. Okay. Instead of flipping
the screen towards uh the viewer. Okay.
So this is one strange thing that has
been happening. Even I have tried
generating this in other notebooks and
other scenarios. Okay. Almost with
similar prompts.
uh probably it could be the prompt which
is a problem but at least this is much
better idea than
than generating this kind of a content
okay maybe we'll see but stability has
been doing really good okay but I have
already exhausted my credits for
stability so I'm not using this and this
okay so what I'll do is if you really
have your uh account balance ticktak I
mean decent
uh I would suggest you to go with 1.5
model. Okay.
So, run this.
There will be minimum changes. There
would be but I would say minimum changes
between these two APIs. But the change
between this and quality a quality will
change just a minute. Quality will
change because
thing.
Okay.
Quality will change.
H. So quality will change. And there is
one more. Let me just
talk about the quality.
The exact keywords are slightly
different. So just give me
a minute.
Where are we?
H. So quality is high, medium, low. So
these are the keywords. Okay. So keyword
supported by stability AI is slightly
different. That is the only thing
I'm just looking into the documentation.
The keywords are slightly different for
stability. Okay. But for GP it is high
media low right.
So Delhi models use standard and HD and
for JPT image it is high, medium, low.
Right? So that is the clear difference
between the Delhi models. They only
support two qualities. One is standard
quality and one is the HD quality. That
is the exact keyword you'll be giving uh
for Delhi models standard or HD. But for
GPT image 1.5 models it is high, medium
and low. Correct? So that is what I
wanted to verify. So looks good. Uh I
just wanted to verify that if I change
from 1 to 1.5
uh you know the quality
keyword should not be changing. Okay. So
sizes I have I think
size if you want
I think I
can also give you the sizes which are
supported.
I had saved it somewhere.
Hat.
So I can where is the business view?
Okay. So the sizes are also different as
I said. So JPT image 1.5 supports these
sizes. Okay.
Easily for landscape and uh others.
Delhi models have slightly different uh
sizes but your stability AI model SD 3.5
your stability AI model okay stability
SD these are all stab stable diffusion
SD is a stable diffusion models so they
support sizes in this format instead of
giving the pixel values so that is the
thing probably I should be putting
this
later.
So all you have to do is just refresh
this page and uh you'll get this all
this information which I have just now
added additionally.
Yeah,
I think we are good to go ahead. Um
so other styling and those things maybe
we can discuss but
code wise uh so once you receive the
result you'll have to so this result is
in a B 64 JSON format you'll have to
fetch that decode this get into bytes
okay and that this is your time stamp
I'm just using that time stamp to save
it okay so these are the two steps
fetching the by 64 data from the JSON
converting that uh 64 byt 64 data into
actually image bytes so this is how it
will look like image bytes I'm just
putting my cursor over there okay and
this is how it looks in the base 64
format okay yeah
and the JSON format will be anyway JSON
everyone knows what is that
fine.
Okay. So this is going to open that file
path in the right binary mode. WB is
your right binary and then all the image
bytes are written and saved. Fine. I
just saved it. If there is any error
that will be captured and given it to
you, right? So now uh custom tool
for the platform limit compliance and
all. So this counts the characters in a
given text useful for checking Twitter
which has you know limitation for 280
characters. So there are other platform
dependent uh for example LinkedIn also
you cannot dump thousand characters into
the LinkedIn post. Okay. So if there are
character level limits then uh we should
also be aware of that right. So this is
going to count the actual number of
characters okay which are present in
your text part of the post I would say.
So these are the five specialized agents
we'll be creating with a distinct role
in a content pipeline. Okay. So now see
the concept of agents in crewi is like
very atomic in nature. I would say these
are mostly atomic kind of a agent.
What does that mean atomic agents?
So agent is like a actual agent that you
would visualize in a real world. Okay.
So agent will have a clear role. Agent
will have a task. Agent will have a
backstory.
Okay. And then you will kick off that
agent. So these are the three things
which will be common for every agent.
You'll have to define very clearly role,
goal and backstory. Yeah. Goal is that
task I was talking about. Okay. And then
the set of tools which this agent can
access. Okay. So role is the name what
kind of agent it is. Overall goal that
you have to go ahead and kill the
terrorist and backstory information
about that terrorist. the approach where
this guy is hiding and what all tools
available you have a rocket launcher you
have a MMG
and you know James Bond style cars
everything okay so that is the set of
tools so if more than one agent is
needed then the second agent will also
have the same will also have a role
maybe a supervisor agent or a worker
agent whatever field agent it is again
the task of that agent Okay, backstory
and tools. So these are the common
things that is how you actually define
an agent. So once you have multiple
agents, agent 1, agent 2, 3, 4, 5, a
team of these agents is called as crew
of agents. So crew literary meaning is a
team. Okay. And that's how the name of
the platform is called as crew AI.
Okay. So that is the philosophy of
agents in uh Crew AI. Okay, so these are
the five agents we'll be creating.
Content strategist, research and
strategy, analyzes topic, identifies the
angles, audience insights. So you can
also provide some of these details
for whom you are going to create these
agents
uh some audience profile. You can
provide LinkedIn writer. So this is the
guy who will actually create
thoughtprovoking LinkedIn posts. Okay.
Then Twitter writer is there. Instagram
writer is there. So three writer agents
we have and then there's a visual
designer who will create images for
these posts. Clear?
Make sense?
Uh okay. So let's see one by one social
media content strategist. So this is the
guy who will prepare the strategy for a
given platform. Okay. Analyze the given
topic. Develop a compelling content
angle tailored for a fintech financial
services brand targeting professionals
and retail customers in India, Southeast
Asia. I mean you'll have to narrow down
to a target audience no doubt or a
global audience whatever word you want
to use or Latin American whatever the
uh backstory you are a senior content uh
in experience in fintech marketing. You
understand how to position complex
financial topics from UPR payments to
insurance to wealth management in ways
that resonate with both B2B and B2C. You
always ground your strategy in current
market trends and audience psychology.
Okay. If you want you can, you know, use
this as a base. Go to chart GPT and try
to make it a bit more thorough uh more
comprehensive.
So all these kind of prompt things can
be easily obtained from your chart GPD
stuff.
So of course uh you will provide
different LLMs. Okay. Okay. So for the
content strategy you will use a normal
open AI model uh which will generate the
text part and for the visual designer
you will uh give the name of the
model which is for
image generation. Right?
Okay. Verbos true. So which means as the
agent uh
you can say
executes the outputs can be immediately
presented. Okay that's the meaning of
verbose and allow delegation is false.
So this is important um setting I would
say. So if you are creating multiple
agents which are having a supervisor or
if there is a hierarchy okay then the
delegation is important also when you
are uh you can say
you want the agents to do a coordination
amongst themselves. Okay that is where
again the delegation will be set as
true. Okay, if these agents are working
as a part of a predefined pipeline,
first you do this, then you do this and
then you do this and then you do that.
Then you don't need these agents to you
know talk to each other and delegate.
Okay, that's like a iterative loop.
Okay.
So this is for the LinkedIn. Um
so LinkedIn content specialist is there.
Write a professional thought leadership
post 800 to 59 character. This is end to
end post uh that drives engagement
through insights. You are expert. Again,
if you want a smaller post, let's say
200 characters or 300 characters, okay,
that can also be done.
But again, you'll probably need to
change this. So, multiple versions of
LinkedIn because LinkedIn also provides
you a complete blog post kind of a
thing. Okay, so LinkedIn ghost writer
for fintech
and this is some SEO insights. You use
line bras for readability. Start with a
hook. Include three to five relevant
hashtags at the end and always end with
a question or a call to action. CDA is
call to action to drive comments. Okay,
so this is just to make the post more
compelling and engaging. Same goes with
Twitter. Twitter X. Create a viral
tweet.
Maximum three tweets under 280
characters that is punchy, informative,
and including trending hashtags. you are
a social media and so on. So here you
are also attaching the tools.
Now here this tool is important because
we want the Twitter agent to not create
too lengthy posts. Okay.
Uh what else? We have the Instagram
writer similarly
and this visual designer will have the
tool called as generating social media.
Okay. So AI visual designer content
designer is there generator professional
visually.
Okay,
Santos, I'll answer that.
And uh Kashan, yes, I'll also answer
that. So, don't worry.
Yeah. So, quite a self-explanatory.
Nothing nothing new in this. Okay. Back
to back. I've created these five agents.
Now, you define the task and start
running. So you see actually this is
much more simpler than your lang graph
and stuff. Okay. Um as long as the
workflow is not very complex if you can
create atomic agents which have very
well definfined tasks and they can work
either in sequence or parallel is
actually much simpler in that case.
Right?
So here uh let's start defining the task
overall. Okay. So role is there goal is
there. So apart from the role goal there
is one more thing that you have to uh
define
externally. So see this is a part of the
agent itself. This is a part of the uh
agent definition itself. Now you'll have
to define a task externally and then we
will bind the task to this agent. Okay.
So goal is not the end task. I would say
goal is like a highle idea about the
task but the detailing about the
mission. Okay. What exactly protocol has
to be followed that instruction in
detail is given usually in the task. And
the third step will be to attach the
task to the agent. So you define the
agent, you define the task and then you
attach these two. Okay.
You can even attach multiple tasks to a
given agent that is also possible. Okay.
So let's see the first task here that is
a content strategy task. Analyze the
topic. That's what I told you. So you
can see the same content strategist can
create for three different platforms and
um the instructions are very clear. It
will take the topic from the perspective
of this company and uh it's a fintech
company. Develop a content strategy that
includes a key message angle, target
audience, u segments and three different
directions, suggest tone for each and
key data points, right? Expected output,
a structured content brief with the
message. So this is exactly what we
normally do in our prompts. But here we
have clear sections for those uh to
define. So earlier also in langraph we
used to define all these as a part of
the prompt normal prompt role goal
instructions context and all that. But
here we have clear uh you can say
placeholders or sockets where you will
actually put them.
What else? What else?
H
uh yeah. So this is the place where you
are assigning the agent.
Okay. So expected output and the agent.
So this task will be done by which
agent? That is what you are assigning.
Okay.
>> Uh sir, sorry to sorry to interrupt you
Prashan, sir. Uh
>> I'm not able to follow. Okay. The reason
is I do not know what is crew AI.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. So I mean I'm not able to follow
past one hour like you know I'm just
sick thinking okay when is we'll know
like what is crew AI?
I mean these are all we can do right but
the thing is what is crew AI? how it is
different. I'm not able to get it that
one and that that like anxiety going on
with me past 1 hour when I'm in the
session.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. So if you can
>> Okay. No, no worries. So I'll just
recap. So career wise uh I think uh we
have been discussing
earlier also uh there are three four
major uh what we can say frameworks okay
which you can use to create agents okay
one is langraph blankchain based other
is third is autogen
uh these things we also discussed at a
time when we were discussing about the
agents in general design patterns I
thought Maybe that got missed out. Fine.
Uh yeah. So, Langraph, Langchen based.
Other is the Creo AI
uh which is also very very popular.
Third is Autogen also now known as AG2.
Okay. And the fourth one
is uh mostly again uh H
what's the exact name? Hen or HA
something like that. Uh I don't use
that.
>> Yeah,
>> it's h stack.
>> H stack. H stack. Yeah. So I've never
used it so I have no idea how that
works. But yeah, these are the top
three. U mostly everyone uses. Now
langraph goes normally by the you can
say workflow concept of langraph agent
is like a workflow. If you have a well-
definfined workflow which a human has
been following the same workflow can be
assigned to a agent or multiple agents
who will follow that workflow
iteratively autonomously plan it these
are the multiple things created
branching fan in fan out patterns so all
those different complex patterns we have
created which I have never done in CUI
uh I don't know whether it even supports
because I never got that kind of a use
is but if there are atomic agents like
one agent for a specific task is that is
what you want to do then crew is
probably the best so I can give you
multiple scenarios so crew means you are
creating a single agent which has a
well- definfined task this and that and
collection of such agents is a crew that
is the English meaning and this
framework which allows you to create
such agents is creoy I mean this is the
explanation which I gave and again I'm
repeating the same thing there's not
much to learn in this CUI apart from
this. Okay, because other things will be
just theoretical stuff. I mean you can
uh maybe just check the documentation
page. Um
let me see if there is anything new
that I'm missing. Uh
uh okay
just a sec there are questions about the
state. So see there is nothing called a
state in cry once again. So the only
state is the output of the previous
agent. Okay that you can provide as a
context. Okay. So in probably one of the
case uh you can see the context you are
providing. So that is the output of the
previous agent. There's no central state
management as in langraph. Okay. So
whatever the previous agent has done you
give that output to this agent so that
this agent will continue using that
context. Okay. So that is the clear
answer to that question. Here the agents
have clear well- definfined roles,
goals.
We see this backstory basically
anything which has happened before this
agent takes in. So for example in these
cases okay these agents will be told
that okay there is someone who has
already created that strategy you need
to implement that strategy. Okay, for
the visual creator, uh all you can say
is okay,
some agents have already created the
strategy and the text. Okay, your job is
to follow that strategy and the text and
create a
maybe image or creatives which follow
that text and the plan coherently.
That's the additional thing. uh you can
put it in the backtory apart from the
you know usual uh
instructions how to create these
creatives in this case. Okay. Another
scenario where you might um want to use
COI probably is let's say many people
have created uh such agents in N8. You
might have seen in those videos. Okay.
Like if you want to book a flight, let's
take a scenario like that. Okay.
So, one agent which will independently
do the flight research based on the user
uh preferences that you would already
provide in the context itself that you
want morning time, evening time,
preferred airlines, this and that. Uh
your job is to research all of these
based on the cost. give me a table the
choices
and maybe
I mean you of course you'll have to
provide all the constraints so that the
table is not too big it just ends up
with one or two choice at the end so
that the next agent is able to you know
do the transactions if uh that is
possible okay now this is possible
because now some of the payment gateways
are also coming up with uh their MCP
servers so second agent will actually go
ahead book that particular flight. Okay,
seeing the output from the previous
agent. So, booking particular flight
means it will navigate into the
particular website probably. Okay, so
that also means you'll have to provide
all sort of access uh to your browser or
something like that. Um
so it will navigate
probably select that particular flight
option and then it will go to the
payment page. From there the third agent
will probably take over or the MCP
server for your payment gateway will
take over. Okay. And do that payment. In
the meantime if you have also got other
agents for planning your vacation. So
one is making anal itinary or you know
vacation itinary for 3 days 4 days. So
they will just check for the weather
information u depending on that also uh
you know by the time if the flight
information is available that agent will
also know exactly what time you are
landing into that destination location
in their local time. So based on that
the first day itinerary can also be
customized. Okay. And since the flight
information is also available, the day
four, day five, the ending day itinerary
will also be customized. So subsequently
this can be taken over by uh itinerary
strategist. So that is your strategist
and then another agent will take over
which will look for
uh hotels maybe. Okay. Now these are all
atomic agents. Again I'm using the word
atomic agents. These are granular
agents. They are all specialized in one
specific task and they are all just
being orchestrated one after the other.
In this case, it's not happening that
the flight agent uh will be triggered.
Uh so for example on a given date
no hotels are available.
It cannot go back to the flight agent
and saying that boss there is no hotel
available. you better change the date of
the flight. Okay, so that is something
which I personally have not done and I
don't know if that is even possible.
Okay, so normally the tasks in KUI go
hierarchy or left to right in a linear
fashion. So CUI is best for this. If you
want to create those kind of complex
interruptable iterative patterns, stay
with langraph.
That's my strong one question. Uh so you
mentioned about MCP server right uh
model context protocol. So is that
something uh so basically that is for uh
storing all of the whatever resources
and all that stuff. Uh so can that be
used le leveraged using crew AI and also
lang chain depending on the use case
right either or uh
can you say like what would be the
potential use cases for those for that
for for using an MCP
>> MCP server okay okay okay let me
slightly give a although we have a
proper sessions on MCP server in the
following weeks Okay,
what is MCP server? It's just collection
of tools. So there are two words that
you need to understand. Okay, again we
are deviating from the topic but if that
is what you want to hear because codes
you can run. I completely agree which
means at the end of the session I'll
assume this to be done. Okay.
uh
the problem that MCP solves that you
have to understand first is you have the
application
and then you have tools application
means your agents fine so application
can have five agents or five different
applications having five different
agents anything so let's take some
numbers so five applications or five
agents
and there are 10 different tools which
are being accessed by these five agents
in five different applications. So the
way you use each of these tools in each
of the five applications which involve
those agents
is different unfortunately. So the same
copypasted code will not work. You have
already written codes for uh creating
these agents and the applications. And
now you also have to write down you know
integration codes okay for each of these
10 tools in each of those five
applications. So 5 into 10 is like 50
blocks of code you need to write down.
>> Mhm.
>> And code is also not reusable because
each agent has a slightly different use
case unfortunately. Okay. So that is the
amount of code base you need to you know
think of or maintain 50.
So MCP says that okay
if tool is a tool why can't just every
agent use it in their own way number one
because ultimately the aim of the tool
is it is meant for a specific task
anyways let's say if you have a tool
called a screwdriver okay everyone will
use the screwdriver in one way only at
max what will be different maybe the
length of the screwdriver will be
different okay so small small settings
might be different But if you write down
a complete integration code for these
small smart settings also okay that's
not intelligent way of doing things and
anthropic in November 2024 realized this
okay that people had already started
creating agents and they were writing
enormous lines of codes for integrating
multiple agents I'm talking about
November 2024 okay where they launched
this MCP saying that okay this is not
going anywhere in in the sense
uh this is only going to increase the
complexity of the overall application
which people are going to create. Okay.
So they wanted to create a
standardization routine protocol model
context protocol at the end it is a
protocol hypertext transfer protocol
HTTP it is a protocol transfer uh you
know
so
anything which ends with a protocol
internet protocol okay uh TCP
so protocol means following a standard
so what MCP is enforcing is boss if you
want to write down a tool
Why don't you follow these steps, these
guidelines, these instructions so that
the same tool is usable by
millions of applications without
modifying any code, any code, literally
any code. It's like a USB plug and play.
Okay, I want to use a mouse, fine, I'll
insert its USB and start using the
mouse. I want to use a printer, I'll use
the printer's USB in my port is same.
Okay. In the same port you are entering
the USB's uh uh USB for the mouse or the
USB port for the printer or USB port for
some other maybe the uh you can say my
pen tablet. Okay. So in the same port
you are just inserting multiple devices
and that's why it is called as universal
serial boo because all of them are
following the USB protocol.
Okay. What if the printers are having
their own protocol, mouses are having
their you know own protocol, then how
many ports your laptop will support that
is not possible, right? So since all of
these devices, terminal devices are
following a single protocol. It was
possible. So they came up with this
model context protocol with that
philosophy that okay any person who is
writing down tools okay will adhere to
these protocols so that their tools are
easily discoverable. number one and
number two they can be easily integrated
and number three they are safe and
secure. So these are the three four
basic requirements of creating the tools
but who is going to create the tools and
where the tools will run. So obviously
the tools are going to run on a
different platform.
Okay the tools are going to be served
and run in a different platform that is
and that platform is called as your MCP
server let's say. Okay.
So maybe I can take a simple example.
Let's say AWS also has a MCP tool and
that is created and maintained by AWS
guys.
How is my agent to uh how is my agent
going to leverage that tool in simple
natural language? Okay. So my agent says
give me the list of all the EC2
instances in the so and so account.
That's it. The query went in the form of
a natural language. It's not going as a
AWS CLI command. It is not going as a
AWS boto3 command. If I had to fetch the
same using a Python code, okay, I had to
write down a proper boto3 code to get
the list of EC2 instances running in my
account. Do you guys agree?
And every time I write down that
account, sorry, code will not be
consistent because this is all generated
by the LLM. LLM will generate sometimes
right code, sometimes wrong code, buggy
code and that is not consistent again.
Okay. So the requirement was to fetch
the list of EC2 instances in the natural
language. My agent will you know fire
that query to AWS MCP server. The query
goes to the server. Server decides which
tool to use internally.
Server decide which tool to you are not
even calling that tool exactly in most
cases. Okay. Can we think of it as a an
API gateway or something? I'm trying to
relate it to
>> in one way. Yes, it is a API gateway. In
one way, it is a API gateway because
once the query goes to MCP server,
server decide which tool to execute
>> and for each of those tools they would
have written a well- definfined code
which will uh which they are going to
execute at their end. So that is safe
and secure. Okay. And then whatever the
output they get after the tool execution
at their end. So tool is not even
executed at your end. Let me make it
clear. Okay. So it is done at the server
ends. That is why we call it as a MCP
server. Server hosts the tool. The guys
who are writing the MCP server, they are
writing the uh you know all the tools.
You are application developer. So you
are going to act as MCP client. your
IDE, your application is a MCP client
and your queries are being fired to MCP
tool. Okay, MCP server which will host
all the tools. So, uh think about a
database in your company. Another
scenario, okay, database in your
company, let's say orders database,
there could be accounts database, there
could be transactions database and so
on. Now your agent needs to have access
to those tools sorry those databases.
Now the database access usually happens
via tool. Once again you can just uh you
know ask chat GPT to write down a tool
which will create a SQL query. So
ultimately what is this tool? This tool
is nothing but it will create a SQL
query to connect to that database and
execute the query and fetch the details.
that that's the exact thing what this
tool is going to do. Okay. So tool is
like a wrapper over the SQL query
ultimately database connection and a SQL
query. Now the SQL query could be
written by an LLM in real time or it
could be a predefined query also. Okay.
But it is all going to be written uh and
maintained and managed at your end.
Okay. uh if you are writing this tool.
Okay. Now
without MCP server what will happen is
there is every chance that a SQL
injection can happen because your LLM is
writing the code for the S uh SQL query
and if there is not a proper guide guard
railing okay because of you know SQL
injection or many other reasons okay
there could be destructive operations
happening on those servers who will take
the responsibility.
So now you want to isolate that server
completely from the application because
application code was writing the SQL
query. See the problem earlier the
application code which is your agent
ultimately agent has got a LLM. So that
agent's LLM is writing down the SQL
query. Okay.
Ultimately and that is getting executed
via some tool. That's it. That tool is
nothing but connection to the database
query and executing that query simply at
the end.
But the brain is still the LLM of agent.
So instead of doing that, okay,
let each of those database operations
be wrapped into a standard SQL query
which has been verified by an expert and
served as a tool. So
on top of it there will be a model maybe
LLM something who will understand which
tool to execute that's it okay which
tool to execute means which SQL query to
execute basically okay because each tool
is mapped to a well- definfined SQL
query which has been verified in that
case now your agent has no exposure to
your database to your database related
code database schema also it doesn't
need to have because now the problem
earlier um if you want uh this to
implement without MCP how will it happen
your LLM agents LLM who is writing the
database query also needs to have idea
about the complete schema
of your database otherwise how will it
write down a SQL query if it doesn't
know what table is there what columns
and fields are there it will write down
some generic SQL query which is useless
okay do you really want to expose so
much information to your agent is the
question so a lot of safety security
things are there Okay. But now those
guys who are writing down the tools,
they have isolated it completely. You
just tell me what you want. We will
figure out how to give it to you. That's
what they are saying. Same goes with
Zerodha. Zerodha also has launched the
MCP tool. I want to analyze my
portfolio, right? So if I do an in a
nonMCP way, I will literally write down
Python code to fetch all my holdings.
Zero already exposes this API. Okay. to
uh your colleagues and everything right
so in all these cases you are providing
all that data to the LLM and again there
could be a lot of issues so you just
provide that in a natural query to the
zerodha API the zerodha API will execute
some tool and provide the output of that
tool execution to your agent which will
be taken by the LLM and then the further
analysis will start so that way you are
isolating the end objective so as a
application builder Now that headache is
gone. You just have to find the right
tool. Find the right person who is
serving the tool. Person means the
server because similar tools are
available. So for example, if you go to
GitHub tools,
>> please come to this crew. We will
discuss this MCP in the last session. We
have a dedicated session on that class.
>> No, these people are not interested in
learning crew. That's what I feel.
>> Yeah, there are people those are
interested. Uh I
>> think yeah we we definitely want to
learn about crew AI as well. Yeah
>> because there's nothing much to do as
someone has already commented. So this
is just running Python code. So
>> no uh there is a query like why we
prefer QA against Langro from Prula and
Ramag.
>> Uh there are comments let me see.
Okay. Um,
oh nice. So we have the comparison
semantic kernel hstack. Yeah, hast stack
that was. So that is mostly for
searching and rack u.
So this is a quick comparison of lang
chain for best integration complexity
autogen
multi-agent reasoning.
Yeah, autogen is at least uh having some
capabilities where you can go with more
complex tasks u multiple steps and so
on. I mean I can truly see a replacement
of langraph in autogen but again we
cannot uh
get mastery on two agents at that level.
So just knowing at a superficial level
is still useless. Okay. So if you want
to master just select one of them and
master one. Problem with autogen is it
is completely tied to a AW sorry Azure
ecosystem. So you'll have to run all
your codes on Azure server. The if you
have some use case where you don't want
to get you know vendor tied then autogen
is not something that you are looking
for. It's better to still go with lang
chain and langraph. Even cria is still
better in that and it's a lightweight
multi- aent. Yeah, I think it's uh
written already low complexity
enterprise fit is less. Okay. And I'm
already taking the uh the best framework
it seems uh from the
comparison here. Autogen yes only
problem with autogen I have already
mentioned that is a Microsoft product.
Okay. Completely bad by Microsoft. So
you have to be aware of that nuance. Uh
whereas this lang chain lang graph is
more community supported. It is open
source no doubt. Till now we have not
been getting into any trouble. So
autogen has been upgraded to AG2. That's
also what I have
uh
seen and acha. So what are the other
commands?
When do you prefer
screw? we are different in angro that's
what we just discussed
uh so maybe just to recap uh crewi is
all role based you define who the agents
are and what should they do okay lang
graph is workflow based you are defining
all those workflows in terms of graphs
as you have already seen so how the data
flows via these nodes and edges that is
the main concept in lang graph
and uh state management ment in crewi
there is one more follow-up question
that is managed automatically by the
framework uh as per my understanding and
if some agent needs to have some
exclusive
access to what the previous agents have
done you are anyway passing that as a
context right
so
we did that somewhere Um
yeah this context that you are providing
additionally h that is the output from
the previous. So you are binding this
back to back. This is the way whereas
context and state management that is
explicitly defined in terms of the state
class and you are updating all that
manually after each of the node updates
sorry node executions. Correct.
Uh
what else what else I can think of? So
maybe one analogy I can give uh further
is like Kai is like a film director you
can say which tells the actors their
roles and what they perform what script
they want to you know recite. Whereas
langraph is more like a what software
architect maybe you draw the exact
circuit board of what every piece of
data must do must go I mean that's like
more complex yeah
so what this is probably what I
understood from crew AI is
>> there are agents who has who we give the
special role and uh role and details
right and then task where we assign the
agent so that the agent can perform
those task is that correct?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Correct.
>> Okay. So I mean if this is like a
interview based question what is the
fundamental difference between CRUI and
graph or sorry lang graph maybe you can
directly say that is the philosophy of
uh orchestration. Uh CUI is role based
completely like managing a team. Okay
whereas langraph is graph based like you
are designing the entire workflow in
such a case. So workflow designing and
orchestration is what is uh the
langraph's core capability. So workflow
since you're designing the workflows the
workflows can be any complex and any
branches uh any deep any levels. Okay.
That is where the langraph can really
shine good. Okay.
Uh what else in the comments? Let's see.
Aa. So we have this
comment by Mohammad. MCP is a
specialized program that bridges models
with external data sources and tools
system as standardized protocol. Yes,
correct. It allows AI to securely access
files, database. So, yeah, I had given
that example of databases.
Uh, it can be also local files, no
doubt. APIs and applications such as
GitHub, Slack. Yeah.
So, to perform actions and provide
contextation. So you really don't have
to write down codes to access any of
these platforms like Slack, GitHub, even
for example in GitHub actions are there
making a pull request, merge and so on.
You don't have to write down a git bash
code. You just give that query in a
natural language. Okay, that query goes
to the MCP server of the GitHub and
GitHub will execute that tool the right
tool to perform that action. So all that
execution is done at the GitHub. So the
result of the execution is given back to
the agent. So that is the common
philosophy in MCP.
Okay.
So any more questions on CUI before we
go ahead and finish this?
So is that last statement very clear
about the philosophy the way we just saw
the role based versus graph based
clearly that is the thing.
So but still I mean um if you want to uh
convert any langraph
project into CUI I I don't know
is that even wise to do but uh some of
the initial projects where we simply
used API calls with these models and
simpler tools can be done no doubt but
uh if you have lot of branching merging
routing those kind of logic if you want
to implement in CRUI that could be a bit
tricky.
Maybe CRUi is supporting it, but I have
never preferred to use CRUI for any of
those complex workflows and logic.
Frankly, as long as the task can be
clearly defined, the role can be clearly
defined.
You better make individual agents for
each of these tasks and roles and
implement this in way. That's best I
would say. So
um so
they are not intersecting in terms of
the kind of applications and use cases.
This is also
understanding uh this understanding is
also important. Okay. Not every place we
can replace
with langraph or langraph with CUI. But
of course lang graph is a much more
evolved one. So anything of this sort
can directly be done in langraph anyway.
It might be a bit more complex
no doubt but this can be easily done in
langraph
I think. So
okay uh there are some tables coming up
mostly these are
good abstraction high level low-level so
abstraction means basically you don't
have to go into the low-level code uh
your codes are all so agent generation
is all handled by this task and agent
See that's the meaning of abstraction.
Behind this lot of codes are going which
are uh you know orchestrating this
agent. Okay. So this is the meaning of
abstraction in our langraph case. Why is
it low-level? Because you built the
entire agent. So there the entire agent
is the workflow. That entire graph is
what you are calling as a agent. And
that graph you build from scratch. every
single node, every single node function,
every single router, router functions,
even you built the edges, connected the
nodes and edges. So that is why it is
being referred as a low-level, right?
What else?
Um, yeah, this is more like a team or
organization chart where you have
multiple people with different roles and
they can be assigned atomic tasks. You
do this, you do that. This is like a
single state machine. Fine. Learning
curve is easy. This is steeper. Now it
will be easy because we have already
spent so much time on lang graph. So
this will definitely be easier. Now
flexibility again. This is tricky to
comment.
Fine. So let's come and finish with
this. Uh after we have defined these
agents, the next uh step is to define
the tasks where uh what exactly you want
these agents to do and more detail with
clear crisp instructions about the
description of the task and a clear
deliverable okay for each of these
tasks. So what is the output going to
look like in what format? Okay,
everything has to be clearly mentioned
in the expected output in this case. And
also which agent you are going to map
for that particular task. So we have the
content strategy, we have the LinkedIn.
Okay.
And then we have
Twitter,
Instagram.
Yeah, these prompts are slightly
changing but mostly you know what it is.
So using the content strategy provided
write Instagram caption there is a
format for the caption and then
requirements are there and also the
description clear CTA to save this post.
CTA's call to action for people who are
not aware. So call to action means what
you want this post to achieve. Okay, you
want people to click on that, comment,
engage. Okay, so that is the call to
action.
And here is the output. Instagram
caption with emojis, CTA 20 to 30
hashtags. Again this half stacks is the
one which will make it uh discoverable
and maybe trendable.
Okay. So this is the important one. This
is the one who is going to create
uh the social media images. Okay.
So
based on all the social media posts
created by one of these three or any of
these three agents generate one
highquality social media image that can
be used across platforms.
um professional, modern,
uh you can provide all these okay um
themes I would say you can ask your
media team, creative team to describe
how they normally describe the
creatives. So you can get all these
descriptions from them or you can get
this kind of a description from charg
also easily. Okay. So that is done. I
just use chargity to create this kind of
a description because it's not possible
for everyone to write down this kind of
details. Okay.
So requires lot of creativity inherently
and probably I'm not that creative.
And here is the expected output. I want
image to be generated with the prompt
and uh this is the agent who will be
assigned this task context again. So
this agent will be triggered or you know
instructed by one of these three. So the
output of one of these three will go to
this agent. That's the meaning of
context in this case. So this agent will
receive the final uh you know
deliverable about the
topic. Okay. and the content that will
be
discussed in the post from one of these
three agents. Fine. So this is done.
So all the tasks are defined. Now we'll
bring all these agents and task
together. So that is the last part which
I was talking about. You have to bind
them together and that is the crew that
you are creating. Okay. So these agents
execute their task after one another
which is so in a way you are creating a
flow here. This is like creating a soft
flow already. Okay. So first the agent
sorry content strategist will take and
then it will give it to one of these
three or all three maybe and then
finally it will go to this. So this is
like your mental model but uh it's not
going to be exactly in that
So you can think this more like a
pipeline only ultimately this is the one
who will receive all the inputs from the
user and more or less it is going to
flow in that order only left to right
and these are the tasks for each of them
one by one you have so this task order
must be same as this okay now this is
the part which is important if you say
that process dosequential then it will
holistically follow the same sequence
sequence. Okay,
clear.
So you are actually going to implement
uh the same sequence of tasks as it is
mentioned in your lists.
So verbose true. So as each of these
agents are executing their outputs will
also be displayed. That is the whole
idea. What are the other processes which
are possible? Again uh you can have uh
hierarchal that's like more of a
corporate model. Okay. When uh you want
to have something like a manager. Okay.
uh yeah I think you can have something
like a manager and then you have uh sub
agents which are like workers you can
define a manager LLM to be different
than the worker LLM okay
which is usually the strategy the
manager LLM can be something like opus
4.6 six which is one of the latest
models and the worker LLMs don't need to
do lot of brainstorming they just have
to execute the well- definfined tasks so
they can be powered by you know smaller
models or lesser cheaper models let's
say okay so manager will uh maybe look
at the list of the tasks which has to be
performed and decide which agent is best
suited for each of these tasks and we'll
also review that work send it back for
revision maybe. So this is a
hierarchical process that you can
create. So in that case the you know
keyword would be um you can say
instead of sequential that would be what
is it uh hierarchal.
Okay. So other options
uh R H
I
E.
Okay. And uh if I remember well there is
one more option
uh that is called as
but is that released? There is more like
a consensus so consensual process
something like that but that may still
not be publicly available. It was still
experimental
on send
process in freeway. I I just need to be
sure if yeah it says still it is
planned. So last time I had checked it
is still in the planning stage. They are
trying to implement it. It's still not
out in prod. So the two options that you
have is this sequential and hierarchal
right.
Uh okay.
So right now this all will be processed
left to right. As I said if you want
some example of a hierarchal maybe I can
uh give you another project which can do
this.
Okay. That will help you to visualize.
Yeah.
Uh okay. What else?
Fine. So we have created the crew. Uh
this is like your complete uh
orchestrator you can say. Okay. Uh if
you remember our orchestrator was land
graph graph. We used to invoke that
graph. So here instead of invoking
uh we use the word kickoff. So that is
the equivalent word for COI. So this is
your complete graph mentally. I mean
that's the equivalent here. This is your
complete graph. And instead of using the
word invoke, we would use the word
kickoff in this case. Right? So whatever
topic the user is giving and that will
start getting
okay. So launching content creation
pipeline.
Um so here is the topic how AI powered
personal finance assistants are
transforming saving habits for
millennials in India. Let's say there
can be some topics. So if you have some
topic suggestions you can put it in the
chat. Maybe we can run it also and see.
So let's see how things are going.
Uh so you can see create execution has
started. This is some ID.
So task has started. Now this is all
coming from your orchestrator uh content
strategist. Okay.
Then it goes to the
social media one by one. So this is the
social uh social media content
strategist.
Okay. So this is a topic. We have got
key message target audience segment. So
this is the output. You can see
this is the output we have got from your
social media content strategist. Okay.
Final answer everything in green.
So what is the key message or angle we
want to convey?
Who is the target audience?
What are the platforms we are going to
create that post for? LinkedIn, we have
Twitter, we have Instagram, we have
Okay, that is done.
Now the
workflow
or the pipeline
has triggered.
So this task is completed.
And now the new task has started. So
this is for the LinkedIn.
Yeah. So this was uh what uh the next
agent in the pipeline. H
so LinkedIn had uh
started final answer.
This is the content we have got from the
LinkedIn agent
AI powered personal finance assistant.
Here's what we have discovered.
India's AI
ethical use over
you using technology.
Good.
So task is completed here.
The next one will take up
task
completed. Next one will take up
259 characters which is for the Twitter
267 characters
261.
Okay.
And this is the final answer we have got
for the tweet. So three iterations it
has made it seems. Okay.
Mhm.
After the third iteration we have got
this
task has been completed
and finally the Instagram
has got triggered. This is the output
from Instagram.
Okay.
And then finally your content uh visual
content creator
task has started.
So one by one all three creatives will
be created.
So this is the
prompt which has been generated by the
model.
Uh would you like to view detail
execution traces? Aa so it is already
timed out. I cannot reply on that.
Uh okay. So this is the social media
content package which has been created.
I'm just displaying that output in the
string format. This is the final compli
uh compiled output
from the and now one by one I am just
pulling these images which have been
saved here.
So sorted globe dot generated post post
image. So one by one these will be
sorted in the
uh
timelines. Basically you can see the
date time is there in this order I think
636 806 848. So in that order it will be
generated.
Yeah. So latest image minus one. So this
is the final latest image
I have printed in this case. But you can
display each of these images one by one.
We can do is
let's put a for loop and display all
these images in.
So for image in image files Please.
If that works. Yeah.
So, this is the first one. This is the
second one.
The mobile phone seems to be quite
elongated,
which is not natural. We have to this is
VT.
So people from Mumbai already knows
this. I'm pretty sure that is the image
in the background.
How many? We were expecting three. What
is the third one? It is overritten. I
don't know
this three.
Okay. By two.
Okay. Now it will be three. So this is
the last one.
So those were from the previous
iteration.
So first, second and this is the third.
This is much better.
Of course, the mobile has been blown up.
Fine. And now we are just uh
printing the individual tasks. Okay. Uh
tasks for the content.
Okay.
This is the strategy part. Content
direction. LinkedIn. Yes, content
direction. Twitter. So, it has given uh
the visual and the content direction and
also the
prompts probably for the images to be
generated overall tone for each of them.
Key summary points and this is the
actual LinkedIn post.
Okay.
This for the Twicker
and this is for the Instagram.
These are the hashtags.
So unfortunately hashtags.
Yeah. Yeah. I think they are already
quite good.
Hm. And that is a visual design prompt
that we have used to generate each of
these photo realistic 3D premium
illustration
image features
professional.
Okay.
Uh this is for the healthcare domain
second campaign. Let's demonstrate that
reusability of the pipeline for a
completely different topic. So
essentially it's the same nothing new
running the entire pipeline for a
different topic. So why healthcare
insurance for gig workers is the next
big opportunity in India's insurance
market.
Fine.
So it doesn't take too much time. I mean
if you see we
are generating three very high quality
images
along with API calls being made to these
models
full execution number 12 started this is
Instagram already.
So one reason is probably we have used
the GPT 4.1 which is not reasoning
because 30 to 40 seconds itself
are spent in reasoning most of the time.
Okay. So without the reasoning probably
that is one reason it is faster.
Okay. So similarly I think let's
see what we have got here.
And just copy that for loop and see
one by one.
So this is the execution trace.
You can check this entirely or maybe
that was
for the AI the last one. Yeah, this one
is for the health insurance. Correct.
the campaign number two.
Yeah.
Okay. So, let's see what else is there.
Uh you may want to generate images out
of the pipeline. So, this is one code
you can use to iterate on multiple
images. Okay, which do you want? So this
is a direct prompt. So let's say you are
satisfied with the text part but not
with the images generated. Okay. So that
is the scenario here. So
maybe this is fine but the image
generated is not fine. So how do we
create images out of the pipeline?
So these are the things you can change.
You can change one to 1.5
and you can also get these images done.
another image. Now these are all
different different styles you can say
modern minimal illustration style, clean
white background, pastel colors. So
you need to be aware of these kind of
keywords. Here it is. Warm natural
lighting, shallow depth of field, teal
and gold color accents, professional
brand photography style, no text
overlays.
Okay,
so this is still clipped. Although the
size of the mobile phone looks fine,
but this is clipped. So you can probably
change this
prompt a bit.
Okay. Or we can do is download this give
it to charg tell them that because every
time I use this prompt I get a image in
which this is flipped. So you'll have to
create a proper image with the screen
looking at the you know
professional and the camera angle set in
a way
that the screen is also visible not the
back side of the screen something like
that you'll have to probably provide
anyway so this is done we can take a
small break and after the break we'll
continue okay with another project on
UI. Okay. So, if you have any questions
in the meantime, I'll
see them, but take it after the break.
Okay.
Go for my dinner.
Okay, so everyone is back.
So, here is the link for the next one.
Okay, there are some questions. Can it
show us image of workflow or other
graphs like mermaid diagram?
Someone already generated it seems.
Yeah. Yeah, it should be possible. Only
thing is we need to
get that in the proper prompt format.
Okay.
So
where's that image? Uh that image is not
there.
Wet uh prompt generation to include
celebrity. Okay. Anyway,
uh I've shared this notebook. Please let
me know if everyone can access this. So,
this is the next uh one.
Okay. Nice.
You can start with the installation in
the meantime.
So this is fully working. I have
checked. It should not be a problem. I
think the results are also saved. You
can refer if you don't want to.
execute it right away.
Okay. So let's see what this project is
all about.
So this is a AI powered you can say
competitive
intelligence and deal analyzer
for sales teams.
Yeah, this is very you can say
practical hands-on uh quite textheavy.
There are no images generated in this
but
it uses multiple uh agents with real
data processing you can say.
And this is also going to be very useful
for sales and marketing teams.
So anyone who has a direct interest in
this project. So for the previous
marketing one, social media marketing, I
got one vote
about this. So, Vanguard Health
Solutions B2B SAS company that sells AI
powered claim processing and fraud
detection software to health insurance
companies, hospital claims and third
party administrators, DPAs
across India and Middle East.
So, the challenge that we are going to
solve here is the sales team receives
more than 200 inbound leads per week
from different webinars, white papers,
and demo requests. In the sales
development, a representative team
manually researches each lead company,
scores their fit and drafts personalized
outreach emails.
This can take almost half an hour per
lead. Uh quality is inconsistent. Some
leads even get generic
templates, others do not follow at all.
So solution is can we build a multi-
aent crew pipeline that automatically
enriches raw lead with company
intelligence scores and qualifies leads
using ICP that is ideal customer profile
framework
and identifies main pain points specific
to lead industry segment. drafts
hyperpersonalized outreach emails
tailored to each of these lead
and produces a consolidated sales brief
to these representatives for review
before sending impact.
So the overall lead processing time
reduces from half an hour to almost 2
minutes. That's a 92% reduction. Improve
email response rate 3x through better
personalization. You don't have to
always use the same template for all of
the leads and also ensure zero leads
fall through these crack. Okay. So that
is the overall objective. Maybe you can
take another minute to go through it.
Assimilate this.
So this uh solves a real painful problem
in a way. Okay. is SDR spending 25
minutes per lead manually researching
companies and writing emails in a this
pipeline will automate
that pipeline down to 2 minutes with
better quality output
and that's the exact use case.
I don't know if you
remember the name of the Crei founder
Jao Mora. If I remember the name. Let's
see
how you G A
O N J A O A O. Okay. Um something like
that. M O U R A. So this guy is
CU AI's
founder
H.
>> Are you sharing your screen? We cannot
see.
>> Uh we cannot see the screen. Okay.
>> We see the cloud.
Uh
this is
Yeah, this is
>> I thought you were sharing Zomara. Yeah,
this is screen.
>> Yeah, this screen. So I was just
searching for this name. Okay.
Right.
uh this guy.
Mhm.
So he had made this kind of a pipeline
originally. Okay. So this is a
inspiration from that you can say.
Overall
learning objective let's see one by one
quickly we have yeah of an hour let's
say so we want to design a multi- aent
system pipeline overall you can say with
specialized roles we'll have researcher
analyst strategist and copyriter
most importantly we'll be forcing them
to follow a proper pattern using these
pantic
and also custom models for data lookup
chain tasks with context passing to So
that is also what we have done for the
previous agent. Um and also save the
outputs for downstream tasks that can be
ingested into the CRM systems and you
can run this pipeline for a batch of
leads to demonstrate how the
production readiness is there.
Okay.
Uh structured outputs using output
pantic and output JSON. So this is
something
Yeah. So this is something new uh that
we are going to discuss in this because
this is how you are forcing the models
to follow a specific output and we have
been doing this in langraph right you
already know yeah
tools that is uh same as in previous and
task uh you can see
along with the context output file
parameter. So this also we are going to
see for the first time. Batch processing
you can run the same crew multiple times
for different inputs. So this is like
running a for loop for the entire crew
and doing many things parallelly.
Okay. Uh
setups creoi openai and pyantic. You'll
need the keys
imports directory for saving all the
outputs. Synthetic
leads. Let's generate some synthetic
leads for analysis first. So imagine
that all these leads are coming from
some CRM system could be HubSpot or
Salesforce
and some marketing automation
platform.
Uh again could be market or HubSpot.
Um so for this lab we'll be simulating
this kind of a database. So this is
again generated
by a model but more or less you will uh
I mean these platforms will also follow
the same pattern. Everything is in a
JSON format which can be directly
ingested into the CRM systems. So they
heavily follow the JSON format and that
is what we're also seeing here. Uh let's
say there is one company database uh
medi first insurance coming from the
healthcare insurance segment midm market
employee count annual revenue some
numbers are there and current extract
this is what they are following some
recent news items and these are the main
pain points which are being u
solved by
sorry main pain points
which these companies are facing likely
uh high claims processing turnaround
time 14 days which is bad 3 to 4 days is
acceptable I would say fraud detection
is getting done manually regulatory
compliance is also increasing their
headache so decision makers uh some
madeup name
and uh again similarly second lead this
is the third lead sim fourth lead so we
have got these five leads Okay. Then uh
these are the simulated inbound lead Q.
Okay. So Rajes meta is again coming from
med first if you notice the name.
Okay. So this is the sequence you can
say see to title company email then the
lead name lead name. So this is all
about the leads uh simulated and these
are about the company researched
information you can say. Okay. So the
leads are coming from these people and u
the sales representative will search for
the name of the company and understand
their business model what they are doing
currently how they are doing what are
the pain points so this is the kind of
research output the SDRs are doing
manually right
so for now I have just given both of
them back to back
and Uh
there is also a engagement score for
each of these leads if you see. Okay.
Um
company and leads
no both are there. Uh one is both are
separate. They don't have to be
sequential. One is a company database
which these uh SDRs are researching and
uh manually doing uh all that research
and uh coming up with leads is something
which they are directly getting.
Okay. So some lead coming from name here
as Rajesh Ma. So lead will not directly
come from the company. Okay. So these
details are researched details.
Okay, once the lead is coming, they know
which company they belong to and now the
company is researched. Okay, where is
the source of the lead? Source is coming
from webinar that they might have done.
Okay, so similarly another lead name
coming from the demo request website. So
since it is a demo request via website,
so lead engagement score would be very
high in such cases. Here they have
already attended your company webinar.
So here also the engagement score is
very high and they have also failed some
notes. Okay.
So definitely the likelihood of
conversion is very high for these people
who have directly interacted with the
company representative or indirectly
maybe with their website and so on.
Okay. So leads are dropping
uh at so this is the front face you can
say of the leads and this is directly
given to your SDRs. they do the research
and come up with this. I hope that
sequence is clear, right?
Okay.
So, we are just printing these four
companies and four leads structured
output. Uh now we are forcing all the
outputs. We are going to in fact uh use
the pyantic model to enforce the data
contracts between these agents. So you
can see these are the field names. What
is the name of the lead? Company name uh
fit score between uh 0 to 100
qualification tier is there like hot,
warm, cold, disqualified. Okay, where
they stand in the engagement, buying
signals, potential risk or objections
that they might be having. These are all
strings, okay? Nestb action for the SDR.
So mostly people from the sales and
marketing they would instantly
understand what these are. So this is
all for the lead scoring. Okay.
And uh the final reasoning brief
explanation about the scoring rationale.
Okay. All these are going to be
the scores in different aspects you can
say.
And second is the structured output for
painoint analysis. So what is the
company name? What is the primary pain
point? Number one pain point. What are
the other couple of more pain points?
How is the company called as this
Vanguard health solution going to solve
their problems? What is their value
proposition which fits into their pain
point? Why are they even going to pay
for it kind of things. Okay. Estimated
ROI that is the business impact
essentially and where these solutions
currently fall short.
Okay. So these tools simulate real world
integrations a CRM lookup. So we have
got the data and the pyantic models and
now we are going to create tools which
will be used by our agents. So one tool
is the company intelligence lookup. Now
right now uh this is being looked up in
the company database which we have
created here. But this can also be a web
search tool. Okay. So just imagine this
is a database but uh instead of this
madeup database this this could be a
real uh static data. Yeah, this is a
static database no doubt but this could
be a real database also. In that case
you will have to write down more codes
to connect to that database. If I mean
you want to really have that kind of a
project uh maybe in the next session I
may I do have one end to end CUVI
project which really connects to our SQL
database although present locally but
again the time needed is much more um so
we cannot do that in this remaining time
maybe we can take up in the next week
because tomorrow's session we have is
the deployment so next week we can take
it if uh I'll just discuss with the team
they have to allow me one additional
session for that but okay so if you want
to make these production ready then we
can have tools which are web search and
tools which are really connecting to
live databases as well
we haven't done that also in langraph
langraph we have done the web search
tools extensively we have used it but
databases we have went connected so
maybe we can have one project where it
connects with the live databases. I
actually wanted to do that using MCP. So
now again that's going to be repeat okay
because that is the exact discussion we
had in the first half an hour 40 minutes
45 minutes that is the justification I
was providing. Okay so if you want to do
it directly without MCP
or with MCP I mean so I had a plan to do
it along with MCP.
So if you can uh wait for that uh that
would be nice. I mean let's do it with
the MCP if that is fine instead of you
know just doing it directly because that
is how the production ready systems are
moving towards okay no one is going to
use the live database tools now all
these live database tools are wrapped
within these MCP servers. So
why not directly take it uh with MCP
itself.
So that will make it more realistic and
production ready. Yes, I am seeing
already some feedbacks. let's do it I
think uh uh in the MCP because I have
that plan in my mind anyway to do it
with MCP because that is where the real
use cases of MCP is not just doing
static uh API calls right that we can
anyway do it or we have been doing it
using all these agents but MCP has to
connect to some real data okay otherwise
you know the whole glory of MCP goes off
I mean that's my honest opinion
Okay. So I think then next week we'll
start with MCP and take those database
related projects there. Is that okay?
Fine. Uh there is a question defined
structured output models pentic.
Uh which part? Which part?
This part are you talking about? Right.
Define structured output models in T.
Yes. Okay. Uh
can you talk about the risks? Uh see
problem that we are solving in this and
this is not the first time we are doing
padentic.
Almost this is the fourth week we are
doing padentic.
So pidentic what it aims to solve is
let's say one agent is giving output to
another agent just imagine that scenario
agents output are ultimately LLM's
output
LLM's outputs are not deterministic
whatever temperature you set
although it is going to follow your
instruction maybe 90% of the times but
even once it does not follow could be
any random reason, never know.
Then the output is not in the format
which can be directly ingested by the
next step in the pipeline which is
probably the next agent. Now that agent
was expecting the input in a specific
format which the previous agent failed
to add here. Then what will happen? the
pipeline will break because it then
since the format was not followed this
agent will get confused or maybe we
might have written some additional code
based on that expected output that code
itself will again break because those
fields are near not there. So in pyantic
there are fields and when we are trying
to access some of the fields let's say
in the router function also we are
accessing the uh state agent state and
from that agent state we are uh you know
retrieving some of the fields.
So if these fields are not present in
the output then the router may fail. The
next step of the processing in the
pipeline will fail and so on. So your
entire pipeline goes crashing.
So to solve that problem we have to
somehow force the LLM to provide their
outputs exactly in some format and that
is the whole idea behind pyantic. So
pyantic also has a input validation not
just the output. So this is the output
validation which will be done no doubt
but if you want we can also have input
validation to these uh functions that
you want to write for LLM's input
validation makes no sense because LLM
can take any kind of input. Okay,
whether it is structured, unstructured,
whatever it is, but let's say if you
have written a function, any custom
function, okay, which is going to be a
part of the tool call. So let's say here
you are going to create a tool and this
is a function. Now this function is
expecting the input in a specific
format. Okay. Now this is uh the company
name has to be a string in this case or
in some other case it has to be a
number. What if the number is wrapped
within a string?
So that enforcement that the input has
to be a string and the output will be
also a string. This enforcement is also
coming from pyante.
Okay. And this is more important for
tools especially because uh again this
function will otherwise fail to execute
right. So tool call is nothing but the
function execution. That's what we have
been seeing in the last couple of weeks
every time. Okay. So tool call means
function execution. there is a function
which has been wrapped as a tool. So if
the function is not getting the input in
a proper format, the function will fail
to execute. So that is where the input
validation also becomes important. Okay,
the output is automatically handled by
the function. So output is not a
constraint here. Constraint is the input
itself and that you are giving. So for
each of these tools that we have
created, you can very easily see that I
have the name of the
parameter which the tool takes and the
format in which let me zoom in slightly.
Yeah. Is this making sense? So these are
the parameters this tool will take and
for each tool pantic is enforcing a data
type. So this has to be the data type
otherwise the tool call will fail. That
is exactly what we are trying to imply.
This tool will not execute. Okay. If the
tool execution fails, whatever the agent
who is accessing the tool will also
fail. Okay. Now to adhere to this,
whichever agent is using the tool, that
agent will have to follow that pyatic
schema. So again back to the same thing.
So if the agent is following these
schema let's say automatically the tool
will tool call will be you know uh taken
care of because these inputs are going
to be given by these agents only or
these schemas
you will be pulling up these values and
putting up here. So, LLMs are not going
to give the input directly to for the
tools. Okay, you will be reading these
somewhere. Okay. And then providing the
values here.
So, that is the whole idea. So, can we
control prompt injection before LLM call
that we will do towards the end? Not
now. We will not necessarily complicate
this okay for now. But we can do that
all the input validations output
validations that is more like uh
implementing safety security for that we
need a lean clean project not a
complicated one where the focus will be
entirely on setting up the guardrails.
So there is a guard rails uh hands-on
that we can plan uh yeah if that is one
requirement maybe we can plan a
guardrails
hands on I mean that is something which
I do very regularly so we can plan but
then we'll have a very lean and um I
mean small agent project so so the agent
will not be the focus the focus will be
to break down the LLM both for the input
and outut effort that is where the focus
would be. Okay. So, one has to be very
clear. Okay. So, yeah, I think
Okay. So, this is a tool. Sorry, this is
a tool which will look up for the
company intelligence. Right? Now, this
is static uh data which is being
fetched. Okay. But, uh this could also
be powered by your web search. Okay. Or
a proper SQL uh query tool. This is for
the lead engagement. Again, this is
looking up in the leads. Okay, so the
lead name is the input here and we are
trying to
find the lead engagement scores,
the lead names. Okay.
And then this is a tool for ICP scoring
calculator that is your idle customer
profile that is a fit score based on
some formographic and engagement data 0
to 100 that is the qualification tier.
So all these information is needed for
the calculations and these are all the
calculations. You don't have to
understand all of them but that's all
about the use case. Okay. So at the end
uh this function is going to return a
string and uh that string will be yeah a
JSON dump ultimately.
Okay. Uh two levels of indentation. So
this is a JSON dump which will be output
and that entire JSON will come out as a
string. Okay.
So these are the custom tools. One is
for company lookup just as a summary.
Second is um lookup for the lead
engagement and that will
you know talk about the behavioral
engagement data and the third one is the
uh ICP score calculation. Configure
yours
whatever you want to use. Again uh for
analytical jobs you can use a much
better
you know LLM you can say
uh who is doing all the planning
reasoning and stuff and for creative I
think 4.1 minutes is good okay and also
you can control the temperatures no
doubt so this is the one who will do the
email writing part and this is for the
low creativity analytical part
the these are the agents which are going
to be used. One is the lead researcher
who will search for the company. Second
is the qualifier who will verify and uh
you know score each of these leads.
Third one is a painoint strategist. Uh
this is the guy who will map the company
challenges to the product value
proposition. These products are going to
come from this company Vanguard Health
Solutions. And outreach copyriter is the
one who is going to draft personalized
email to each of these leads based on
all the analysis done by the first three
agents. So here we have all these agents
one by one. So lead research specialist
who is going to take those two tools
analytical LLM. Okay. And uh the second
one is lead qualification analyst tools
calculation of that ICP score.
And the third is your painoint
strategist. Okay. Uh it doesn't have
access to any tool but it knows about
the company information and so on. And
the fourth one is the copywriter. Uh it
has just the LLM which is the creative
LLM now. And uh no tools needed because
the LLM itself will draft that entire
email. Okay.
backstory uh for each of them. You can
just check
tasks form a sequential chain. So once
again we are using a sequential chain
here
where each task receives context from
the prior one and the final task is your
email writing. Okay. So this is a
pipeline that we are going to create end
to end. So there are the four tasks one
and then two and then the three and then
the fourth task and now we are going to
return a sequence of these tasks. So
this is the pipeline which will be
returned by this function. Okay. So you
can just check these tasks uh we have
already seen. So the lead name, company
name and then expected output agent is
your researcher. Fine.
Um
yeah. So this is the second task.
it gets the context from the previous
one called as the lead qualifier and
output. So this is the thing which I
wanted to show you. Okay. So here the
previous one doesn't have but the second
one. Can you see the lead score this is
your pantic.
Okay. So lead score we saw earlier
right? This is the name. I was just
scrolling up to check what is the exact
name. Yeah. So lead score and the other
one was painpoint analysis. So lead
score has to be in this format and the
painpoint analysis in this format. So
the task has that mapping. If you see
this task has the painpoint analysis and
the lead score. So this is where you
would map those pyic schemas for the
output pantic here also output pantic
fine
and uh expected output is anywhere here
and here the output has to be in the
form of a markdown file it's like a
markdown file company name that you are
providing MD is a markdown format and
that is also written here okay that the
final output will be in the markdown
format and the output file name is
clearly mentioned.
Okay. So once that is done uh lead one
hot so you are running it for the first
lead and for all the other leads you can
run it using a for loop. Okay. So
lead number one creating a pipeline and
you are providing the name of the
company and the name of the lead for the
task one. Just provide the task one for
the crew one. Okay. And everything goes
back to back. So agent has started
and see all the outputs. Personalize
email copyright has been made. So this
is the final thing which is going to the
uh
yeah so this is the final thing which is
going to go to the end lead client you
can say. So hi Rajes congrats on M first
IDI approval
an impressive 32% growth my first 14
day. So you just talk about the company
what they are doing good congratulate
them good good strategy to build trust I
would like 15-minut call over the next
week to make sense to explore how this
could fit and I think Vanguard also
should be there account executive and
then the HDR notes are also there
yeah so this is how it goes yeah this is
what I was checking so Vanguard's AI
powered Auto education uh sorry
adjudication
has helped insurers cut claim processing
from 14 days to 2 days improving this
300% while detecting 95% of fraud
attempts plus compliance dashboard
simplify
uh here it is uh reporting and easing
the regulatory burden of the ops teams
super so I think we have it
quite good so if you want to run for the
all others acha you could also read it
from here and all you have to do is just
use a for loop and run it for the
others. Okay, so this is for a second
one and uh this is the final output that
you have got for the second one.
Yeah, this is for Fatima
and uh similarly if you want to do a
batch processing you can also do that.
Okay.
So task three. So let's uh process the
remaining two leads to demonstrate how
the pipeline handles lower priority
prospects differently. So the email CTAs
and strategies adapt automatically. So
here we have the same agents. Okay.
Tasks process dose sequential and true.
So back to back this will be processed
all of them
and uh three yeah and four.
So all leads the final dashboard use a
for loop. This is what I was trying to
tell you. Use a for loop and you can do
all of these back to back also.
Okay you can go through this. I think
this is the final tracking. So Vanguard
health solution de pipeline dashboard
for each of these leads title engagement
and this is the action that we have
proposed in that email in short. Okay.
So this is again a simple Python code
not a agent or anything. It is just the
orchestration of that crew that we are
doing back to back. Okay. So we have
saved all those outputs. Here we are
just reading those markdown files. Okay.
and populating this table. But you could
also run uh all those uh crues within
this for loop itself. That is also
possible if you want.
So here we are just pulling out all the
uh tasks okay from that pantic schemas
and from there we are constructing all
the required fields to put it in this
uh data frame.
So this is everything in a markdown
format. Okay, this is all in a markdown
format. So this can be see this display
is currently coming in the markdown
format. So you can
modify this to display it in whatever
format. Maybe a standard Python data
frame could be result could be returned.
That is also possible.
You can create a standard data frame.
Right now the result is coming as a
markdown which is what we are printing
there. Fine.
Okay. Uh list all the generated output
files. So here are all the files which
have got generated. Uh these are the
files four markdown files for each one
for each of these companies. GFK TPA,
Healthbridge, Med First,
uh Quick Start, sorry, Quick Cart.
And these are the emails also
for
one of them. I think display one of the
right. Yeah.
So, glob is the Python library by which
you can read multiple files in a given
directory. So, you just have to provide
the directory and you can also provide
the file path uh sorry not the file path
um extension. So, you can say star MD.
So, it will only read the markdown
files. In this case, email star means
it's like a wild character, wild card or
wild character, right? So all the
markdown files which start with email
underscore
all the markdown files which start with
email underscore only those files will
be read H.
So where are all these files? If you see
here sales output
so these are all the markdown files.
Let's download any one of them.
uh download. Let's read how this file
looks.
Okay.
Uh
okay, this is how it has come up. This
is a raw markdown. So if you want to
look into a proper format, all you have
to do is control shift V.
Yeah. So this becomes a preview of that
markdown. Control shift V. Uh or it
would be commandshift V in the Mac.
So this is how the
file is. Okay.
Email we have and uh the SDR notes
and this is for internal reference.
Okay. Of course uh for follow-ups. So
lead tier and score hot ICP fit 96%
engagement score is 92%. These are the
key talking points when uh Mr. Arjun
Kapoor is going to go for discussing
um in person they would be having these
notes ready right so claim auto
adjudication
reduced turnaround from this to this
call center reduction is there
supporting scare so on potential
objections and rebutals so this guy is
already mentally and probably physically
prepared to handle some of these things
which can come up potentially So it's a
very good way to you know be quite
prepared. So this may not be very
comprehensive analysis but we can uh
modify the prompt to make it more
comprehensive as needed. I mean
uh to view any of these markdown files
you'll have to go for uh VS code or
windsurf cursor any of these ids you can
use. Open this markdown file in any of
these ids and uh do a control shift v.
So this is how the raw markdown looks
and uh in the preview mode is control
shift v. That is how we view the
markdown files. Okay. So I'll just
conclude now. Uh so this is more like a
production grade lead qualification and
personalization outreach pipeline. But
again if you notice this is still very
much uh
quite deterministic. Each agent is
running backto back parallel execution
kind of a thing uh which is happening.
Okay. So
and uh no complex workflow no back and
forth between the agents. Okay. Uh those
things are not happening anyway.
Okay. Any any any
questions? Production environment. How
are these agents going to work? What is
the trigger to kick these workflows?
That is what
a very good question. Okay. How you are
going to integrate with the existing
pipeline? So normally there is a RPA
team who knows and has access to these
systems. Okay. Uh
one thing that can be done is you can
send so let's say let's say I'm just
giving a high level idea. So if this
agent is deployed on a small
EC2 instance okay just a thought.
So this would not need much resources.
So t2.m micro or small is also good
enough or maybe this can be deployed on
a
serverless lambda function also doesn't
matter. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I think it can be done on
serverless lambda function also. Okay.
So somewhere somehow I would say h we
need to
keep watching the CRM system. there has
to be a kind of a watchdog
uh or a zap also you can put okay such
that the moment any fresh lead comes in
again I don't know whether you want to
do this for each and every lead but uh
definitely there should be some way to
filter out those leads because for each
lead if you want to run this end to end
pipeline that would be pretty costly so
could be some filters but
okay Let's discuss it that way.
So some way to trigger this has to be
there. Now this can be done by using
some uh Zepier automation
because all these CRM heavily support
Zepier automation. Okay. So that Zapier
automation can be connected to this or
maybe a Python code which is
continuously watching your CRM API
via some sort of a web socket. Okay. So
if the CRM API allows for some web
socket or some API, there is some Python
code sitting on EC2 instance which is
periodically running. Maybe even that is
possible. Okay. So you can set up that
automation using event bridge. In AWS
there is something called as event
bridge. So periodically periodically
means every half an hour a lambda
function triggers which will check for
the new leads in the CRM.
Okay. So step one every half an hour or
1 hour let's say a lambda function
triggers this could be Azure function
also triggers which will uh
pull the last or latest leads which
appeared in the last 1 hour. Maybe
dduplication of the leads will happen uh
because there could be some leads which
just came in at the boundary of that R.
So dduplication and then once the leads
are there then this entire pipeline gets
triggered by another lambda function
maybe. Yeah or maybe in the same lambda
function you can uh provide this as
well. Okay. But there has to be a way to
continuously monitor. Now that can be
done as I said by a by a Python API or
whatever API the CRM system offers or a
web hook uh or maybe some Zapier
automations there has to be some way
okay otherwise if this CRM is operating
in a silo then it becomes very difficult
then manually someone has to keep on
feeding uh Excel sheet so imagine that
uh Zapier if you are doing let's say
then Zapier here is uh pulling all these
leads and filling up a row in a Excel
sheet which is much easier to track. Now
the Python code can easily keep reading
that Excel sheet Excel sheet or a Google
sheet imagine. Okay. Or maybe a Excel
sheet in a sharepoint whichever this has
access to. Okay. And once a new row has
appeared that means the pipeline should
get triggered.
So the output of all these files maybe
can be stored in a S3 bucket.
This could also be stored in a S3 bucket
or this draft email could be given to
the respective uh SDRs. So if we have
the details of the SDR maybe and their
email uh here in the leads who this is
going to. So for example we have the
source but similarly along with the
source we can have the sync I mean the
SDR details also. So from those details
we can draft and directly share that
email to that SDR who is going to do the
follow-up. But again I don't know uh
whether the SDR is actually going to do
the follow-up or maybe some other. So
that's the tricky part. But at least all
these files can be stored
systematically.
Um
maybe for every hour there can be a
folder created. So um once someone uh
you know logs in they can actually see
hourly uh outputs. So from there they
can download go through this and so on.
So I mean this still may not be end but
output of this can be connected to a
Gmail API and a real email can be shot
to whoever is going to take that lead
forward for the discussion. But yeah 90%
of the workload is already there initial
integration and the lower uh
part where it actually is distributed
across multiple people in the follow-up
pipeline. So that I don't know every
company will have their own strategy and
depending on how many people are doing
that actual follow-up meetings that part
will be integrated by the end
uh you know team I would say but the
main job of the AI people is to create
the pipeline which is already there. So
some automation needs to be done always
so that you can trigger all of these
agents whether it is a langraph agent
same story will go. So it doesn't matter
whether it is CUI or Langra but this
question is relevant for any agent for
that matter now because if you want a
end to end real end to end automation it
has to connect with some of the existing
systems in any case.
Okay. Will human in loop to verify 100%
automated or no control? That's a good
idea. Uh if the human is involved uh
obviously
we have got the 90% work done. So this
male is not yet shot directly. So this
is where the human review will start.
This guy called as Mr. Arjun Kapoor will
make some modification and then
give it to the uh sorry shoot this email
to Patima. So semi-automation can be
done in a sense this entire email along
with the follow-up SDR notes can be
directly put to the draft of Arjun
Kapoor email.
So Arjun Kapoor logs in into their
outlook goes through the draft that okay
I've got so many emails which I need to
send but since it is in the draft mode
he will actually physically go through
each of these make whatever changes
needed and then shoot that email. Okay
so that can also be done.
I have done that in fact. Okay. So
putting it to draft mode is the best
idea because again otherwise copy
pasting needs to be done. That's again
but in that case who is going to shoot
that email that identification is very
important here that may not be clear
right now that indeed it is Arjun who is
going to uh you know visit all these
guys or the company will dynamically
assign based on the availability. So our
draft email has been put at a central
place. Now the other follow-up field
people who will visit the clients they
can visit that S3 bucket or from where
they can access all these files and then
take up their leads for follow-ups
manually.
But of course the email has not directly
been shot. Uh if you want to integrate
the email API a better idea is always to
put it in their drafts. Even that's what
the Gmail does, right? Gmail does not
directly send. It will give you a
refined version of the email that you
have written and just keep it in the
draft itself, right? You will have to
manually send it. That's how they are
designed.
Is it possible to share these files?
Yeah. Yeah. So, I need to
download all of them as a zip.
Upload. Upload. Upload. So one by one
we'll have to download
or uh there has to be a way better way
to zip I think we'll zip Good.
Okay.
What happened?
going to send but that is stupid.
Okay.
Okay. Anything else?
How about ClickUp? ClickUp. Uh
I've not used frankly
ClickUp
in terms of CRM and using that as input.
Maybe we'll have to
So, ClickUp is your use case. Uh
H.
So, why don't uh you do it this way? um
go to chart GPT and probably take this
Jupyter notebook as a input and ask it
to modify for uh ClickUp.
So do clickup uh does click clickup also
have an API.
So I have used lead squared uh very
extensively. Okay. and uh I have also
built this
lead scoring model and deployed that in
production. So these are some things
which I have personally done with my
team. So we have been using lead
squared. So that is something.
stupid. I'll just manually download
this.
Uh, this should have worked because No.
So, there were
Hold on. Hold on. Yeah. Ch. Finally, we
got it. Except
I'll just save this so that once you
refresh, you will have it.
Okay,
congrats. Fortunately,
it worked.
So, this is the output.
ClickUp integrations.
web hooks is what I was interested in
by which you can keep monitoring. Okay.
Uh by triggered automated workflows
through. So this is one way you can do
it. Check if these guys also have a MCP.
Quite likely these guys might already
have a MCP server.
Okay. If that is the case then uh your
headache becomes very easy. Maybe every
1 hour Python code will trigger that MCP
server for
getting the new leads you can ask it to
do the filteration with date time or
something
and once you have the new leads as a
JSON file or something you can now
trigger your remaining part of the
pipeline. So that can be done. Yeah.
>> Okay.
Okay then uh we'll meet tomorrow. Uh for
me it's tomorrow for most of you it
would be same day in the evening. Okay I
need to take some rest. Thank you. We
have a very early morning for me.
Okay. Thank you everyone. Have a nice
day. Bye-bye.